Add smartdns to DNS section (#3509)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [CoreDNS](https://coredns.io/) - Plugin driven DNS Server with support for proxying to Google's DNS-over-HTTPS. ([Source Code](https://github.com/coredns/coredns)) `Apache-2.0` `Go`
- [Maza ad blocking](https://maza-ad-blocking.andros.dev/) - Local ad blocker. Like Pi-hole but local and using your operating system. ([Source Code](https://github.com/tanrax/maza-ad-blocking)) `Apache-2.0` `Bash`
- [nsupdate.info](https://www.nsupdate.info/) - Dynamic DNS service. ([Demo](https://www.nsupdate.info/account/register/), [Source Code](https://github.com/nsupdate-info/nsupdate.info)) `BSD-3-Clause` `Python`

> - [SmartDNS](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns) A local DNS server to obtain the fastest website IP for the best Internet experience, support DoT, DoH.([Source Code](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns)) `GPL-3.0` `C`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SmartDNS](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns) - A local DNS server to obtain the fastest website IP for the best Internet experience, support DoT, DoH. ([Source Code](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns)) `GPL-3.0` `C`
```

> - [SmartDNS](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns) A local DNS server to obtain the fastest website IP for the best Internet experience, support DoT, DoH.([Source Code](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns)) `GPL-3.0` `C`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SmartDNS](https://github.com/pymumu/smartdns) - A local DNS server to obtain the fastest website IP for the best Internet experience, supports DoT, DoH. `GPL-3.0` `C`
```
